README.md, before:

# DuckDuckGo Android

Welcome to our android application. We are excited to engage the community in development, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## We are hiring!
DuckDuckGo is growing fast and we continue to expand our fully distributed team. We embrace diverse perspectives, and seek out passionate, self-motivated people, committed to our shared vision of raising the standard of trust online. If you are a senior software engineer capable in either iOS or Android, visit our [careers](https://duckduckgo.com/hiring/#open) page to find out more about our openings!

## Building the Project
We use git submodules and so when you are checking out the app, you'll need to ensure the submodules are initialized properly. You can use the `--recursive` flag when cloning the project to do this.

    git clone --recursive https://github.com/duckduckgo/android.git

Alternatively, if you already have the project checked out, you can initialize the submodules manually.

    git submodule update --init
    
## Terminology

We have taken steps to update our terminology and remove words with problematic racial connotations, most notably the change to `main` branches, `allow lists`, and `blocklists`. Closed issues or PRs may contain deprecated terminology that should not be used going forward.

## Contribute

Please refer to [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Discuss

Contact us at https://duckduckgo.com/feedback if you have feedback, questions or want to chat. You can also use the feedback form embedded within our Mobile App - to do so please navigate to Settings and select "Leave Feedback".

## License
DuckDuckGo android is distributed under the Apache 2.0 [license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

README.md
Added important feature of DuckDuckGo.

README.md, after:

# DuckDuckGo Android

DuckDuckGo is first android search engine, which is safest built ever.

It's provide all the missing feature of other search engines.
1. It doesn't tracks you.
2. Get unbiased results, outside the Filter Bubble
3. It's search results aren’t loaded up with ads.

Last but not least,'ITS TOO BIG AND TOO SAMPLE'.e., "BIGGYSIMPLE"

Welcome to our android application. We are excited to engage the community in development, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## We are hiring!
DuckDuckGo is growing fast and we continue to expand our fully distributed team. We embrace diverse perspectives, and seek out passionate, self-motivated people, committed to our shared vision of raising the standard of trust online. If you are a senior software engineer capable in either iOS or Android, visit our [careers](https://duckduckgo.com/hiring/#open) page to find out more about our openings!

## Building the Project
We use git submodules and so when you are checking out the app, you'll need to ensure the submodules are initialized properly. You can use the `--recursive` flag when cloning the project to do this.

    git clone --recursive https://github.com/duckduckgo/android.git

Alternatively, if you already have the project checked out, you can initialize the submodules manually.

    git submodule update --init
    
## Terminology

We have taken steps to update our terminology and remove words with problematic racial connotations, most notably the change to `main` branches, `allow lists`, and `blocklists`. Closed issues or PRs may contain deprecated terminology that should not be used going forward.

## Contribute

Please refer to [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Discuss

Contact us at https://duckduckgo.com/feedback if you have feedback, questions or want to chat. You can also use the feedback form embedded within our Mobile App - to do so please navigate to Settings and select "Leave Feedback".

## License
DuckDuckGo android is distributed under the Apache 2.0 [license](LICENSE).
